c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\NLog.config
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\DmsMssql.exe.config
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\DmsMssql.exe
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\DmsMssql.pdb
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.dll
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.dll
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.xml
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.pdb
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.xml
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.Configuration.resources
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.Form1.resources
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.RestoreDatabase.resources
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.ViewLog.resources
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DmsMssql.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DmsMssql.exe
c:\users\rdsadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DmsMssql.pdb
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\Resources\ci.PNG
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.UploadLocal2Object.resources
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.UploadObject2Internal.resources
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.DownloadInternal2Object.resources
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DMS.DownloadObject2Local.resources
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\bin\Debug\ConfigDms.txt
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DmsMssql.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DmsMssql.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\rdsadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\DmsForNcpCdbMssql\obj\Debug\DmsMssql.csproj.CopyComplete
